   # Another Password Game
    #### Video Demo:  https://vimeo.com/852915883
    #### Description:

    This project, **Another Password Game** is a homage to Neal Argawal's fantastic '**The Password Game**' (https://neal.fun/password-game/) recreated here using Python's GUI interface, Tkinter. The concept is a program to help users create a truly secure password to protect their privacy and data. The game starts out like many common websites where you need to set a password but the requirements become increasingly inane and frustrating.

    Another Password Game is set up as follows. The **main** function initialises the Tkinter instance and sets up the GUI with its title, basic display properties and a simple padlock image in the middle. Below the lock there is a text entry box labelled 'Password' and a submit button. When pressed, the Submit button calls the **Check_input** function which gets the string input the user has typed at that time and we begin the main mechanics of the game. The input is checked for a series of conditions and a ShowError messagebox is displayed to prompt the user to change their password to meet the following series of demands.

    Like an everyday password, first the **Check_len** function checks there are at least 5 characters in the string. Next, the **Check_upper** function checks for a mix of upper and lower case characters. **Check_num** demands a number be present in the string. **Check_special** asks that you include a special character in your password. Then, **Check_total** uses a list comprehension to find all digits and check their total using the sum function, it then requires any digits in the password add up to 5.

    Normal stuff to set a password, right?.

    From this point the checks get more demanding and (hopefully) frustrating.

    **Check_weather** asks for the current weather in Auckland, New Zealand.
    This function works by first getting the current weather with the **Get_weather** function.
    Get_weather works by pulling this data with Requests via the **WeatherStack.com** API which provides the current weather conditions in Auckland as a short string eg. 'Partly Cloudy' or 'Light Drizzle'. The intention is to give the user some freedom to describe weather conditions in their own words or what they find on an app or web search. The string returned from the API is checked for words in a 'Weather types' list of lists containing similar weather condition vocabulary, eg. Rain contains 'rain', rainy', 'drizzle', 'showers' etc. The function loops through the list of lists until it finds a match and returns the list that it matches. For example, 'Slightly overcast' with return the Cloud list of words to look for in the password.
    Now the **Check_weather** function knows what to look for, we can check the user's input for the presence of a related weather word. In another context the fact that weather conditions change rapidly and different sources may report different things could be a problem. However, this ambiguity could add nicely to increase the diffulty level of the game. A feature definitely not a bug.

    Next the **Check_wordle** function will ask for today's Wordle answer. **Wordle** is a web-based game created by Josh Wardle and now owned by the New York Times where players are given six chances to guess a five-letter word. Unless the user is an avid player, they must now go look up the game and solve the puzzle.
    The **Get_wordle** function gets that day's answer by calling the Get_wordle function. This is a simple API request to marcandreher's **Wordle API** (https://rapidapi.com/marcandreher/api/wordle-api3) to get the word of the day. The **Check_wordle** function then checks the password for this word.

    That's got to be it, right?
    The next check is the **Check_day** function which requires the user to add the current day of the week... in Spanish. This is checked by first getting the current weekday using the Datetime module to get the current date. The weekday method converts this to a number to index into our list of Spanish weekdays. If the user has insufficient knowledge of Spanish they will be forced to google Spanish weekdays. Wednesday and Saturday in Spanish have accented vowels the function uses the **Re library** and two regular expressions to find those days with or without accents.

    From this point the checks on the password become less challenging and more ridiculous as we near the end of the game. The **Pep** function asks the user to add their Password Security "Manager", Peppy, to their password. Peppy is an adorable Kaomoji character: (◕‿◕✿). Because Tkinter doesn't support emojis well, older Unicode characters were chosen instead. The user is asked to add Peppy to the password with a Showerror messagebox and Peppy is copied to the user's clipboard using the Tkinter instance 'clipboard_append' method.

    The climax of the game is now carried out in the **Check_input** function. Once Pip is added to the password, Pip's index in the current password string is checked and the user is shown a warning via the messagebox. It reads "Action needed: To avoid your account being frozen, your password must include 'carbon-neutral'". This is actually a red herring, no matter what the user does, the After method waits 2 seconds before calling the **Ice** function where the final character of the string is deleted and replaced by a snowman emoji (☃) to suggest the password is being affected by frost (caused by their account being frozen, naturally). The **Delete** function is then called using After with a wait time of two seconds. This deletes and inserts more snowmen at the first and tenth indices, Delete then calls the **Snowman** function after two seconds. This uses Peppy's index to replace him with snowmen. A messagebox informs the user that their 'account' has been suspended and that Peppy has tragically 'frozen to death', effectively ending the game.
